all righty I'm just going to pretty much
show you how to draw my family is pretty
much my fan character for My Little Pony
Friendship is Magic
and one of the hugest fans pretty much
and I draw them all the time this like
so all the time I just start with the
head no it's kind of odd to start with
but here we go here we go with this
you gotta make sure you get that nose -
I'm gonna give my opponent nice big
smile up more wrong there
all right that came out awesome go it's
going to be part of there
now I get started with this part here as
you can see I've done drawings on this
paper before but I erased them because I
was making mistakes constantly and I
just had to give up and start this one
up you know because I always make
mistakes when I'm talking as you can see
I'm sitting here racing every five
seconds but here we go got the face of
this going here alright so now I gotta
fix this part just got to get start with
the legs now that's nice
the legs are most complicated part for
me to do so they always end up going out
either bad the too long too fat it's
kind of hard to do let's just start with
the back legs here yeah let's go down
here about that camera like withholding
cameras and doing this the same time
these like thisis like they're the
hardest part of this part of the drawing
an actual pony but I draw them all the
time
there you go
there we go it's actually wetter than I
thought so now got to get the front legs
here so happy pony no problem
I'll probably be doing guy ponies - it
doesn't matter to me I love John guy
ponies - they're just as good bronies
bronies are rock they're awesome
alright so I'm not sure of that is that
too long no it's that's fine
I was really fine so like I said start
with the shadow here I got during the
night right now just my first time doing
this but so
okey-dokey let me just stick that up
right there and let's do this let's make
it a little fancy right here kind of
move back that makes it look a little
bit cuter than you just see a pony
standing there I mean come on stands
there anymore so let's get started with
this again then again that to say again
this is my pony fan character like her
name is a lot similar to mine Maresa
because I'm not creative with names I
really am not too I'm not creative at
all with names
last time I named my pony I named a
magic pie can you believe that and I
named my other why I named my other one
avenge disturbance which turned out to
be a really creepy pony that got me in
trouble with many things but still this
is coming up pretty good so let me do
this here this is just to give them more
excited type of thing let me erase this
part here looking coming out looking
good sorry about the shadow here during
the night I wish there was daylight
still can't be every day okie dokie
alright the eyes are fine got to give
the Pinkie Pie eyelashes is the same
thing with eyelashes in my character and
here we go looking her back act like
around here oh this is the best part
drawing the eyes I love drawing the eyes
seriously
I'm just colored by them with black I
just love drawn the eyes nice and
sparkly here we go and don't forget
these parts here too it gives more
sestra detail here and there's its
awesomeness so let's go on with the main
this let me try out here the mane is
kind of weird it's all fluffed up and
it's different so here we go
like this is my opponent Fang character
but you can like redraw this and your
character doesn't matter to me I mean
who cares anymore she's got crazy hair
like I said and he got this weird part
right here I oh and I first created this
pony this actually came mistake this
whole hot this whole part here with
extra lines right down here that was
actually a mistake when I first drew her
because I was it was a hard like her
hair was a little bit hard so I kept
trying to jar and it came out like that
so I'm just Hecate whatever so that's
her hair right there awesomesauce she's
too happy I guess she overdosed on the
laughing gas alright now we need to
start with the tail and then the cutie
mark and you guys are going to think
that I'm weird because when you see the
cutie mark no it's kind of weird
here we go with this tail this is just
for the certain style that I do with
mine alright okie dokie
come on out good that actually came out
really good look at that
gotta get these extra lines in here
again cuz my pony's got crazy hair
you guys are going to think my cutie
mark is really weird too on this pony
you're going to think it's really weird
don't like be on it to be honest this is
what it pretty much is
there you go right there my awesomesauce
pony right there so there you go how to
draw a pony especially my fan character
this is my character and character
Marissa and she's awesome sauce but just
to say there you go I'll probably make
the other Pony soon too
I've also I poni fide many many
characters from video games and TV shows
and bands too so be ready for that
you wait we have a point with that so to
give a full picture right here so thank
you for watching me thank you